so I hear you are a rock climber why yes
I gather you two are a climber indeed I
am where in the city do you climb I
climate brooklyn boulders the hot new
place that everyone is talking about
where do you climb i climb with the
sports center at Chelsea Piers the
finest rock wall in the Northeast well I
guess you must have lots of money if you
climb at Chelsea Piers is it not
expensive it is an excellent gym with
many wonderful classes in addition to
the rock climbing why just last week I
signed up for this wonderful early
morning bootcamp that is going to whip
me into the best shape of my life yes I
have heard about that boot camp doesn't
that boot camp cost still more
additional money yes it does yes it does
I take it you prefer the savings you get
from spending less at brooklyn boulders
yes very much so and so i guess you like
that you have no place to shower or
change i can deal with that and no other
gym facilities like a weight room I can
deal with that and the lack of
reasonable air conditioning that's
getting better it really is and the rat
problem is that getting better it has
been at least a week since I have seen a
rat at brooklyn boulders but at least
like in boulder there are numerous
totally radical problems at brooklyn
boulders and the people there changed
the problems regularly do you like to
boulder at Chelsea Piers no I do not
because the bouldering there sucks balls
but the bouldering will improve someday
there is a fancy drawing of a new
bouldering cave posted on the bulletin
board there when I look at that drawing
it makes me honestly believe that the
management of the rock wall at Chelsea
Piers suddenly cares about providing
decent bouldering even though they never
did before and I unconvinced they're
putting a lot of thought and energy into
improving the bouldering there even
though the current bouldering problems
suck and are never ever changed I see so
if you do not like the bouldering you
must enjoy the rope climbs then yes I
love them there is an enormous roof with
lots of wicked hard climbs on it do you
like to climb on these roof routes well
I am not really good enough there is 15
10 roof ooh that'd never ever changes
climb that one and the others are really
out of my league so there must be other
routes at your level that you like to
climb five tens did you say yes there
are at least four or five kinds of my
level at any given time also I like to
work at the 5-11 Cline's and because
they infrequently change any of the
kinds i can work out a 5-11 for four to
six months without worrying that it will
be suddenly replaced the climbs at
Chelsea Piers are like family members or
works of art they don't just throw them
away after a few weeks besides I know
the staff is too busy running corporate
events at the rock wall to change the
roots very often there are constant huge
corporate events that take up a lot of
the staffs time and energy sounds like a
great environment what about you do you
use the rope climbs at brooklyn boulders
yes as often as I can there are lots of
routes and the wall is creatively shaped
to provide a number of different
inclines and roof problems I'm always
eager to jump on the rope climbs and I
find that I can usually get a free rope
when the place dies down a little at ten
o clock at night before that it is
usually too crowded I see under the
rooms as tall as the ones at Chelsea
Piers no but they are tall enough you
can always go up twice or three times
there are always so many people using
the ropes that it often seems better to
just stay where you are anyway is the
bouldering any less crowded no it is
even more crowded but it takes less time
to do a bouldering route so if you stand
around and wait your turn you usually
can get on your problem of choice within
10 minutes sounds very social can you
leave climate brooklyn boulders I like a
lead climbing at the Sports Center I
would love to lead climb but I'm not
certified the test costs ten dollars and
honestly I'm afraid to ask the staff to
test me afraid why would you be afraid
all the staff members and the climbers
are much hipper than me I'm trying my
best to fit in but it is a difficult
adjustment I ride my bicycle there but
it has gears everyone else has a fixed
gear and I feel the weight of their
disapproval is a roll my beard bicycle
into the place I also lack tattoo
piercings and facial hair so I really
stick out I would love to lead climb but
I think I should get a tattoo before I
approach the desk or maybe if I just
keep showing up I will eventually become
like a pet that they accept despite my
lack of hipster credentials and when
that happens I'll feel comfortable
asking for something I'm sure you'll
find your way eventually I'm sure I will
I'm getting there I have met some people
there who like to climb outside usually
about 20 of us get together and bolder
or we bring a lot of ropes and everyone
top ropes everything maybe you would
like to join us next time I will let you
know when plenty people from brooklyn
boulders most of whom know nothing about
climbing outside are getting together to
top rope as a group no thank you i Sport
climate mum knee and the Red River Gorge
sport climbing at the Red River Gorge is
my favorite because it involves pulling
jugs on overhanging roots just like
every single route at Chelsea Piers
sounds cool peace out same to you
you